---
layout: post
title: "When people associate money with success"
author: "Rajat Jain"
categories: money
tags: [money]
image: money.jpg
---

> When people talk about any successful person they always refer them as a person who has a lot, I mean A LOT of money. So is money the ultimate goal?

This is a case of rudimentary thinking. A person’s success is defined in terms of how much they make. The most primitive argument in favor of associating money to success is that we need a metric to measure a person’s success. And that is true. We quantify people as – “Yes he’s a millionaire”, “Oh! A billionaire you say!”

See the problem? We just presume if they are a millionaire or billionaire they are successful. What if they just inherited all the wealth? What if they got lucky and won a lottery? What if they sell drugs and never got caught? This last one would be impressive if true, but you get the point. There are a lot of what ifs.

Apparently the point is, money is a factor for quantifying a person’s success but should success solely depend upon that?

You know, it can be misleading at times. Success can be, for example, in the bubble you’re invested in. A 9-to-5 person who rather does not have any particular ground breaking achievements may still be successful in the eyes of his family, friends. And mind you, it has nothing to do with how much he makes. It’s never been about how much he makes.

Money is just a part of the equation. Which may be dominant when significantly large but can be overwhelmed by other factors too. Although these other factors are, well, deceiving, they can be rather more personal and honest than anything ever combined.
